Release notes for 2.6.0 (#7158)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.6.0

### First-class configuration of results 🎉

> Previously, Prefect serialized the results of all flows and tasks with pickle then wrote them to your local file system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, Prefect serialized the results of all flows and tasks with pickle, then wrote them to your local file system.
```

In this release, we're excited to announce this behavior is fully configurable and customizable.

Here are some highlights:

- Persistence of results is off by default.

>     - We will turn on result persistence automatically if needed for a feature you're using but you can always opt-out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - We will turn on result persistence automatically if needed for a feature you're using, but you can always opt-out.
```

    - You can easily opt-in for any flow or task.
- You can choose the result serializer.
    - By default, we continue to use a pickle serializer, now with the ability to choose a custom implementation.
    - We now offer a JSON result serializer with support for all of the types supported by Pydantic.
    - You can also write your own serializer for full control.
    - Unless your results are being persisted, they will not be serialized.
- You can change the result storage.
    - By default, we will continue to use the local file system.

>     - You can specify any of our storage blocks i.e. AWS S3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - You can specify any of our storage blocks, such as AWS S3.
```
